Remove unique slug (#9114)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/manage-access/sso-overview.md

# Single sign-on (SSO) overview <Lifecycle status="managed, managed_plus" />

This overview explains how users are provisioned in <Constant name="dbt" /> using single sign-on (SSO).
<Constant name="dbt" /> supports JIT (Just-in-Time) provisioning and IdP-initiated login.

<UniversalLogin />

For SSO, users also use your account **Access URL** or **dbt Enterprise Login URL**, as described in this page.

> In the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, dbt assigns an SSO slug (an identifier used in your SSO login URL) to your SSO configuration. The slug is system-generated and read-only. Existing SSO configurations remain valid, but you can’t edit the slug. If you delete and recreate your SSO configuration, the new configuration will use a new system-generated slug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, dbt assigns an SSO slug (an identifier used in your SSO login URL) to your SSO configuration. The slug is system-generated and read-only. Existing SSO configurations remain valid, but you can’t edit the slug. If you delete and recreate your SSO configuration, the new configuration uses a new, system-generated slug.
```

#### Diagram Explanation

> - **Login Page**: The user accesses the <Constant name="dbt" /> login experience, for example [https://login.dbt.com](https://login.dbt.com), their account **Access URL**, or their **dbt Enterprise Login URL**, and initiates the SSO flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Login Page**: The user accesses the <Constant name="dbt" /> login experience (for example, [https://login.dbt.com](https://login.dbt.com)), their account **Access URL**, or their **dbt Enterprise Login URL**, and initiates the SSO flow.
```

> - **IdP-Initiated Login**: The user accesses the <Constant name="dbt" /> login page within the Identity Provider by selecting the <Constant name="dbt" /> application. This will begin the IdP login flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **IdP-Initiated Login**: The user accesses the <Constant name="dbt" /> login page within the Identity Provider by selecting the <Constant name="dbt" /> application. This starts the IdP login flow.
```

  - **No**: If so, create a new entry in the <Constant name="dbt" /> database for the new user.
- **Create <Constant name="dbt" /> User**: This will create a new entry in the <Constant name="dbt" /> database for the new user. This user record contains the user's email address, first and last name, and any IdP attributes (for example, groups) passed along from the Identity Provider. <Constant name="dbt" /> will send a verification email, and the user must follow the steps in the [User experience section](/docs/platform/manage-access/invite-users#user-experience) to use SSO in <Constant name="dbt" />.
- **Attach Matching Accounts**: <Constant name="dbt" /> finds all of the accounts configured to match the SSO config used by this user to log in, and then creates a user license record mapping the user to the account. This step also deletes any licenses that the user should not have based on the current SSO config.
- **Attach Matching Permissions (Groups)**: <Constant name="dbt" /> iterates through the groups on the matching accounts and finds all that fit one of the following categories:
  - Have an SSO mapping group that is assigned to the user

>   - Have the "Assign by Default" option checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Have the **Assign by Default** option selected.
```

> Then, assign all of these (and only these) to the user license. This step will also remove any permissions that the user should not have based on the current SSO group mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, assign all of these (and only these) to the user license. This step also removes any permissions that the user should not have based on the current SSO group mappings.
```
